hello guys and welcome to my channel
today I wanted to talk to you about the
mistakes I made when I was 20 and also
involved mistakes that you make when
you're 20 but before you start watching
this video ask yourself what have I done
last weekend was it scrolling through
Instagram was it scrolling through
Facebook discussing other people's
success if yes then you must watch this
video
thing number one dream pick when we're
20 we forget to dream big we are
distracted by the lack of cash and when
we get a job offer for like 10 bucks an
hour we forget to ask yourself where's
this getting me you have to have this
goal in your mind where do you see
yourself in 10 years and yes this is
going to change like it's gonna change
tomorrow it's gonna change in week when
you still have to have that goal and
every action should be connected with
getting you to that goal like if you
have this job offer how does this job
get me to this goal
so my goal when I was 20 my goal was to
get a job working with foreigners so I
applied to work in a souvenir shop where
I could work with people from America in
England who come to my city to purchase
souvenirs to come to my city to travel
during the second day of this job I
realized that I'm not learning anything
yes I learned a lot about like souvenirs
from Russia but where does it get me I
can barely practice my English because
people who come there up from China or
from Japan with really small knowledge
of English so we have to communicate
using gestures no not my English
language and I worked there only for two
weeks then I had to quit and they paid
me like super small sum of money but I'm
so glad that I asked myself a question
is this getting me to my dream job and I
looked at people at that shop who were
like top level and I realized I don't
want to be like them
so always look at the people at the top
level in that company and ask yourself
don't want their skills do I want to be
like them if not then just quit look for
something else number two work part when
we're 20 we have so much energy so I'm
27 right now but I remember myself when
I was 20 and I was working like crazy
I had my singing class I had my
university I had my dancing class I
started my company when I was 21 so I
was doing all bunch of things at one
time and you know why because I main
resource when we're 20 is our energy is
up fashion is this incredible amount of
time that we can dedicate to work
because right now I'm 27 and I'm like I
want to sleep for eight hours a day
because I can feel when I slept for five
hours that have less
so I have to dedicate more time to my
health more twenty please use that
energy and use it for the right purpose
do not just go partying and do not
consume too much alcohol but this is
this this is something I'm gonna talk
about later but use this amazing asset
that you have and work work and work
don't think that things have to happen
right now and I can relate to many
fields many spheres of our lives but
something that comes to my mind first is
being in a relationship when I was 13 a
lot of my friends were in a relationship
and I wasn't and I felt like I'm a
weirdo that he wants to date me but the
thing is they were ready I wasn't I was
13 I had to concentrate on developing my
talents you know singing dancing it but
not being in a relationship same thing
when you're 20 some people are getting
married but it doesn't mean that you
have to get married just because
everybody is married think for yourself
do I want to get married now am I ready
am i dating the right person don't rush
into the family stuff just because
everybody does ask yourself whether
you're ready because I know in some
countries and in some cultures there is
so much pressure on starting the family
as early as you can in Russia oh my god
however my class is already married and
some people have two or more kids this
doesn't matter because I think for
myself and you have to do the same and
from this point I can get to point
number four compare yourself to yourself
yesterday and this is the only
comparison you have to make because if
you go on Instagram and you see somebody
travelling like crazy I know
or taking these amazing pictures where
everything is bright and nice and clean
and you think I'm not getting anything
in this life well you do not know
anything about the person on Instagram
maybe they have great parents who have
taken care of everything
or maybe just take that particular
picture they traveled for six hours they
brought a suitcase of clothes with them
and they spend like six hours working on
editing this picture in Photoshop you do
know
know anything so do not compare yourself
to those people because every second
that you're gonna spend when comparing
yourself to those people you could have
spent it on building and creating
something so if you know next time you
open your Facebook or Instagram to
lauric and to look at other people tell
yourself okay I'm gonna stop now and I'm
gonna create something or I'm gonna read
this book do not waste your time as I
said this is your amazing asset do not
waste it
mistake number five we make friends with
almost everyone when I was 20 I wanted
to hang out with the whole class with
all of the companies that we had at the
University I just wanted to be
everywhere but this is such a total
mistake and my granddad used to teach me
that he said when somebody calls me like
wait for an hour wait for 20 minutes
before saying yes I want to hang out
with you tonight just sit there and ask
yourself is there anything else I should
be doing instead of just hanging out in
the bar maybe you are working in this
company maybe it's a better investment
of time to create something instead of
hanging out with random people who are
not bringing value to your life
personally I think that every
relationship has to bring value if
you're hanging out with these people
they should be a little clever than you
in some spheres or maybe they are making
you relax but you know just hanging out
and with everyone and just spending your
precious time on hanging out with
friends and bars I don't think this is a
good strategy number six related to your
health there is not much I can tell you
guys but I wish I hadn't drank that much
when I was twenty uh as you know I
stopped drinking two years ago but there
are so many temptations when you're 20
because people that surround you they're
gonna try different things they're gonna
try different substances that are not
deeply researched and you do not know
what kind of effect the substances have
a new when your future generations
whatever on how your brain works just
don't do that I would say like don't
drink alcohol but I know sometimes it's
too crazy like one glass of wine two
glasses of wine if you're above 21 about
the legal drinking age when you're 20
you have this amazing acid called time
and this amazed
asset called health and together with
these two you can own the world
you can become a president of the world
because you can take over anyone if you
have time and health because this lets
you work like crazy
this lets you travel this lets you meet
new people
this lets you be active many people who
want to achieve their goals don't have
this luxury maybe they have you know
problems with their health maybe they
have lack of time because they are what
19 but you have it you use it please
don't waste it and also make sure that
you're preserving your health for your
future years because anything you do to
yourself right now it's not gonna get
back to normal it's not gonna go back to
whatever you used to be three years ago
I'm gonna leave a link below to video
where somebody's popping gas smoke into
bottle and everything that is in the
bottle gets dark and this is what
happens to your lungs so if you're a
smoker I would consider quitting smoking
take care of your health number seven
and I know you know it please do not
lose connection to your family these are
the only people who are gonna take care
of you who gonna love you the most and
who believe in you and cherish that time
when they are around and if you haven't
called your grandparents or your parents
for a long time please stop this video
take your phone and call them and ask
them how they're doing because these are
the only people who love you the most in
this world number eight
some people make mistake of thinking
that they are too old to start learning
I know this is true for some cultures I
had to meet up in Russia at this summer
and there was this girl who approached
me and said hey I'm 22 I'm currently
doing my bachelor's in computer science
and everything you've realized that
computer science is not something I want
to do in my life but I feel that I'm too
old
eighty percent of 30 year old Americans
are still getting their education maybe
like doing their MBA or masters to
change the subject
and it was like excuse me you're too old
like seriously 22 and this applies to
any age remember guys you are never
gonna stop learning and if you think
that you are like 25 now you're gonna
graduate and you're gonna go and get
your job and you're never going to
again this is a very big mistake never
stop learning even when you're doing
something when you're working for
somebody ask yourself whether you're
learning whether you're enhancing your
skills whether you're developing your
talents you have to be constantly
learning this is the only way you can
keep this thing inside of your head
active you're gonna keep your brain
active and this is gonna help you live
longer and be more active throughout
your life so do not stop work and think
number nine actually the last one but
when we're 20 would forget that the
world is small and I wish I hadn't told
people something I have told them it was
20 because I met them later and this is
the weirdest thing in the world when you
do something when you're 20 or 17 add to
some people and then you meet those
people later in your life and you're
like you totally go to me those
people you will never believe how small
the world is how you meet people I don't
know I meet my friends here in San
Francisco and they don't have idea that
I live here and I don't know and they
are from Russia sometimes I mean my
friends from Germany somewhere in Miami
and I'm like what is going on here the
world is really small so think twice
before you offend someone like seriously
think twice big chances you're gonna
regret it I hope you guys enjoyed
watching this video please like if this
content is something you would love to
see more on my channel and if you're not
subscribed yet there is a subscribe
button below this video thank you so
much for watching this and I'll see you
soon in the next videos bye
[Music]